for 1000 requests...
aloha@aloha-HP-Pavilion-dv7-Notebook-PC:~$ ./tests.sh 192.168.0.192
jsp Time taken for tests: 5.322 seconds
velocity Time taken for tests: 5.415 seconds
freemarker Time taken for tests: 5.414 seconds
thymeleaf Time taken for tests: 5.370 seconds
mustache Time taken for tests: 5.491 seconds
jade Time taken for tests: 14.634 seconds
pebble Time taken for tests: 5.314 seconds
handlebars Time taken for tests: 6.153 seconds
jtwig Time taken for tests: 5.523 seconds
scalate Time taken for tests: 5.412 seconds
httl Time taken for tests: 5.456 seconds
chunk Time taken for tests: 5.408 seconds
htmlFlow Time taken for tests: 5.332 seconds
trimou Time taken for tests: 5.860 seconds
rocker Time taken for tests: 5.873 seconds
ickenham Time taken for tests: 5.473 seconds
rythm Time taken for tests: 5.186 seconds
groovy Time taken for tests: 32.121 seconds
liqp Time taken for tests: 5.405 seconds
